These points are considered ideas that need further discussion and refinement before implementing

1. Card designer 
    A mode where I can test card interactions and design cards.
    Edit an existing card and save
    Create new cards and save them
    Edit card layout
    Import cards to test interactions
    Test play animations (see point 2)
    
    To enable this I might need:
        Create modular card interactionActions like:
            Damage(amount)
            Block(amount)
            Single target?
            AOE?
            Multiple Targets?
            Heal?
            Can it interact with opponent and/or player?

2. Visual Impact when playing cards
    The feel of playing cards is as important as card interactions and balancing.
    To make cards have different feel when playing I might need to change how we play cards.
    When draging a card from hand we should have an arrow like a rubber band. When we choose a destination the card is flinged to its seleted slot. 
    This gives us an oppertunity to do different animations based on how we want the card to feel.
    Say a simpel punch might feel light a more impactfull card might feel heavy when it lands in its slot and so on.
    Cards might even have animated movement after they are played. 
        Examples:
        When a player hit a combo of cards they shake or glow to make it clear something extra is happening
        An Impending heavy punch might twitch sporadicly to illustrate its pending potential.

    We might need to categorize different moments in the play chain like this:
        Playing a card (flight from hand to board)
        a Card lands on board animation
        A card is waiting for resolve animation
        Counter play animations
        resolve animation.
    We should porbably not overdo it but this seems like an great area for exploration


3. Sound
    We need to implement sound in the game
        Generic flipping card sounds
        Specific card sounds
        Card interaction sounds

    Sounds can be tied to specific cards

